# About the Website #
Throughout history, we have assigned guns various functions: building militia, recreational hunting, and facilitating terrorism. After the Sandy Hook shooting, the government has had a back and forth among different approaches of preventing gun violence. On one hand, liberals advocate for more restrictive purchasing requirements and thorough background checks. On the other, conservatives advocate for more prolific arming of schools, families, and individuals for greater protection. Which is the better method? Countless sources indicate that greater exposure to guns coincides with growing gun violence (Everytown Research). But, gun lobbyists refuse to acknowledge this data. The NRA was once an organization that advocated for gun safety, now it’s a political campaign that relentlessly fights for gun freedom. The NRA constantly praises guns to be a symbol of their freedom and other patriotic values. 
	For this project, I sought to analyze the relationship that America has with firearms. By analyzing films, I explain the American values that are associated with our perception of our history and government. Films carry biases to new generations through archetypes and exposure to violent imagery. The cards above talk about a few movies that observably exhibit gun violence and overzealous messaging. 
	I want to help inform artists and creators about the potential dangers their art may cause if they choose to use guns. Guns should not be taken lightly. Creators need to be aware and purposeful when they employ them in storytelling. 
